you already drank
enough
stop drinking
Leave me alone
Hello
Fan Yueying
You call me here today
What to ask you
You don't even say it
Just one person
drink here
What are you going to do?
Don't worry about it
OK
Then since you don't want to
Have a good chat
Then drink slowly
I go
#Don’t leave
don't leave me alone
So what?
what happened
I've been suspended
Um
I'm not
I just got it for you
A piece of land?
Why?
Because I'm not a man
Because I'm just an illegitimate daughter
you can understand
My pain?
No matter how well you do
No one is home
support you
Even Fan Jian
He only eats, drinks and gambles
loser
Can be stepped on
Shit on my head
I'm at Fan's house
Just nobody
The little cutie who cares
It turns out she is
Days of the Fan family
Living so hard
Before
I misunderstood her
Come
Accompany me with this
Little cutie drinks
You live so hard
I'll take care of you
You little cutie
no one ever
so good to me
I will take it seriously
Fan Yueying
You little cutie
Dare to cheat on me behind my back